I am I the only one who sees the ant-man
series like it's like a sitcom you know
obviously a lot of the Marvel movies
have comedy but this one is like yeah
the Avengers have their quips guardians
have they're really weird innuendos
store had that indie deadpan thing going
on but a man feels like it needs a laugh
track so you save money on my desk guys
hope please we need to focus all right
we got to find that lab already geez I
don't know it just feels like an SNL
sketch to me either way what better way
to follow up the ginormous event that
was freakin infinity war with the
smallest superhero out there known as
ant-man I wasn't the biggest fan of the
first one all right
like I didn't hate it but it was one of
those movies where I felt like someone
was trying to imitate somebody else's
style after the oh yeah
wait I think this one is a fun renta if
you order a pizza with the fam you know
you can enjoy it out of a red box I
wouldn't blame you if he even gave it a
jr. price but you know if Marvel was an
anime let's not kid ourselves this would
be the filler portion of it until you
get to the end credits what it's
incredibly important let me explain so
in the first if you don't remember which
shoe I needed a LME for LME you had
Scott Lang who is this kind thief who as
soon as he got out of jail jacked the
ant-man suit from the old ant-man and
then he became ant-man because that's
what
Doug man wanted problem is that he
Jack's that again in civil war to go
fight there and he gets locked up and
then he gets put under house arrest and
these two won't talk to him because of
that until they kidnap him obviously
this one has the wasp in it since you
know she's in the title and you know
she's going to be a strong female lead
because she's working the BOP and every
strong female lead rocks the BOP yes I'm
sure you're glad to - it is quite
inexpressible mango and this one is to
get into the quantum realm which you
know again there's like 616 rums that
Marvel has all over the world but the
thing is geckos wife has been in there
for the past 30 ish years and since Lang
has a connection with this realm he can
also like Jean Grey with Michelle
Pfeiffer so I'm trying to use him like
the Waze app to locate her in this other
dimension of course you then have the
bad guys who come into play right
there's moonlight from Django who this
man's always gonna play the bad guy but
his character is interesting because he
used to sell things to shield but then
you know they broke up after Hydra and
then Hydra broke up after shield so he's
just trying to like make ends meet and
he's trying to get Pimm's Tech in order
to become rich
Asian Jim over here and his posse of FBI
agents spend the entire movie not
leaving your boy Lang alone like they're
following him all over the place you
know trying to they're treating him like
Ferris Bueller if Ferris Bueller was
under house arrest and that chick from
ready player one who had the BOP plays a
woman who lost her parents during one of
those quantum experiments when she was
little and now she's pretty much like
Danny Phantom and can't control it and
she's got Morpheus trying to help her
out but I've never understood what this
trope is how is it that she can't pick
up something with our hands cuz it just
goes through it but I got her sitting
upright on a bed none of them are really
bad bad guys I mean even the bad guys
from the first movie which you know they
were all thieves those buddies they come
back like the dude who was the creeper
from The Dark Knight ti acting worse and
he did his as the people versus yay and
Michael Pena who you know I was the
biggest fan of him in the first one I
liked how he told his stories but I do
think he's funnier in this movie right
it's funny that they did the whole truth
serum scene considering you know they
can't get the lasso of truth because
it's theses but they got my man running
a security business that gets broken
into he's he's like the one Mexican and
the MCU so I guess viva la raza ant-man
then pulls a Cody banks on the streets
Kevin Dominion as he gets super big in
order to save the day and eventually
they do get Michelle Pfeiffer back from
the quantum ramen she appears with like
these superpowers to heal people all of
this knowledge but somehow I mean she
aged in this place cuz it would have
been weird for Michael to kiss a 20 year
old now none of that really matters
though since you know in the
post-credits scene they test sending a
man into the quantum realm again but as
you know Daniels is over in Wakanda he
snaps his fingers and then boom none of
them feel so good and they leave Lange
to hang but if you click this video you
know you want to get into them juicy
spoilers and if you've been a fan of let
me explain then you would already know
we've been covering this for a bit cuz
the fat man is in the quantum realm then
somehow he's gonna find a portal or ride
one of those weird-looking things like
crush on the East Australian current and
end up in the first Avengers movie with
an older Tony Stark in order to help fix
the events and cure all of those who
didn't feel so good and it's gonna be
triumph ant
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm piercing your thoughts about
this movie like I said I think it's fun
right it's filler in my opinion it's a
rest easy after the really big events
that happened
you know I wasn't the biggest fan of the
first one because of the same reason I
didn't like solo where you kind of
stripped a director who like brought Oh
an Edgar Wright Marvel movie would have
been insane but they ain't give it to
him which is weird because they're given
Marvel movies to a bunch of crazier
people now like Tycho who I love I just
wish that they would have given it to
him
this movie still okay I do think it
feels more like a sitcom though but I
enjoyed it I give it a positive run tip
I don't care to know your thoughts down
below don't forget to comment like and
subscribe because it's incredibly
important